# High Level Approach
To start the assigmnment, we had to develop a basic understanding of `GET` and `POST` requests, as well as how to handle cookies and other tokens in order to successfully log into Fakebook. Once we were familiar with those requests, we were able to `POST` request to log into Fakebook, using cookies and other tokens received via `GET` requests on the login page. After we were logged in, we began to implement the webscraping, looping portion of our program utilizing `GET` requests and libraries, as well as our own methods for string manipulation. We used this string manipulation to extract links and secret keys from each subsequent page we were able to visit. Overall this project was very quick compared to the previous two projects. We had one major challenge when completing the project but overall were able to complete the assigment in less than 5 hours working as a team. 

# Challenges Faced
This assignment went a lot better than some of our previous assingments. There were really only two key challenges we faced from starting this project through completion.
1) The first challenge we faced was being able to extract key aspects of the HTML data received from a `GET` request and parse that data as we needed it. This was important for collecting the 'tokens' required to log into Fakebook, as well as interacting with Fakebook over the same session which required using the same session 'token'. The same premise was also required when we were searching through each individual page in order to find links, as well as potential secret keys on the web page. We were able to overcome this issue by learning more about the associated libraries we were using, as well as by implementing several string parsing methods to scour the page contents for an attribute we are looking for. 
2) The second challenge we faced was being able to handle the session, or the socket closing on us in the middle of web scraping. At the beginning this was a difficult problem to diagnose because the associated error statements were not quite what we expected. Once we figured out the problem through piazza and our own deductive reasoning, we began to implement a few methods trying to solve the issue. Turns out, we were making the issue more complicated than it needed to be. We were trying to log back into the server which was confusing but turns out all we needed to do was close the socket and reopen it every so often to avoid that error. Once we figured that out, it was smooth sailing to completion of the project. 

# Testing Overview
For testing, we did a lot of trial and error. We began by bouncing `GET` requests off of Fakebook and seeing what data we would get in return. We would then take that data and parse it to get hopefully expected results. We confirmed the accuracy of these parsings by printing them out to the console. This was a similar practice through the entire assignment, try something in code, and have an associated print statement to confirm the data manipulation. We also tested what happens when we get different error codes from our `GET` requests to make sure that we handle them correctly. This was one of the key challenges we faced in completing the assignment and we were grateful for our test methods to figure out the issue and develop a solution in a short amount of time. 